### 3. GPIO Mirror with Interrupts

Differently from previous assignments, we will use interrupts to detect
the changes in switch states. While the GPIO access is exposed through
an API, the interrupt control at the peripheral (gpio) is not. For this,
the peripheral needs to be programmed directly through registers.

Start with the code from #2. To track the interrupt work
separately, create a feature branch "interrupt" of your (also needed for
submission). To create a new `git` branch and immediately switch to it,
use: `git checkout -b BRANCH_NAME`. To switch between branches, also use
the `checkout` command: `git checkout OTHER_BRANCH`.

### Interrupt handler skeleton function code
```c
/* interrupt handler */
static irqreturn_t switch_irq_handler(int irq, void* dev_id)
{

  // TODO: mirror switch states to LEDs

  // TODO: clear ISR flag

  //interrupt has been handled
  return IRQ_HANDLED;
}
```

Extend `gmirror.c` to:

1.  Acquire the correct hardware interrupt number from the platform
    driver in the `mymod_init` function, using the
    [`platform_get_resource`](https://static.lwn.net/kerneldoc/driver-api/infrastructure.html#c.platform_get_resource)
    function. Use `IORESOURCE_IRQ` as the resource type. Save the
    interrupt number in the variable `irqnum`.

2.  Use the
    [request_threaded_irq](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/core-api/kernel-api.html#c.request_threaded_irq)
    function to request an operating system interrupt for the number you
    acquired before. Copy the interrupt handler function skeleton code
    from the pre-lab assignment’s README, and use this function as the
    interrupt handler. Set the interrupt flags to rising edge sensitive
    `IRQF_TRIGGER_RISING`. Set the `thread_fn` and `dev_id` arguments to
    `NULL`.

3.  In the `mymod_exit` function, ensure that you release the requested
    interrupt by using the irq number with the function
    [free_irq](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/core-api/kernel-api.html#c.free_irq).

4.  Compile your module, load and verify that your request succeeded by
    looking in the file `/proc/interrupts`. You should see the interrupt
    you requested listed there, among all other interrupts that have
    been requested.

5.  Create a global variable `static void __iomem *sw_regs`. Retrieve
    the memory region from the platform driver in the `mymod_init`
    function and map the memory space to this variable. See the PWM
    controller (3.1) as an example.

6.  Enable interrupts in the AXI GPIO controller by writing the proper
    values to the interrupt control register, using the memory mapped
    variable `sw_regs`. Do this in the module’s initialization function.

7.  Compile and load the module. Trigger an interrupt and observe the
    system behavior. In post-lab reason about the observations.

8.  In the interrupt handler, insert code that clears the interrupt flag
    from the AXI GPIO register and validate that your interrupt handler
    is being called by issuing a `printk` every time an interrupt
    occurs.

9.  Now, populate your interrupt handler with the rest of the code
    (switch-to-LED mirroring). Validate that this works as intended and
    note if you get any unexpected results.

10. Commit any pending changes.


In thius issue  discuss to reflect on any challenges and pitfalls as well as solutions.
If needed, add a known issues section to the README.

In post-lab extend the README.md (on the main branch) over #2 to include the interrupt
aspect. Reference on which branch the interrupt solution is avaiable.
Additionally, document how the module obtains the interrupt
number. 
